NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management
NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management Course Details
The NMIMS online MBA in marketing management guides students with the traditional and new age marketing strategies that assist them in developing a fruitful professional career in the marketing industry. The course offers students an opportunity to explore contemporary marketing tactics with a regional and global marketing overview.

Working professionals can also enroll for the NMIMS online MBA in marketing management course, as it allows candidates to study at their own pace with access to live, online, and recorded lectures. The course ensures international academic standards via guidance from world-class faculty members who have graduated from IITs and IIMs.

To witness the emerging opportunities in the marketing domain, pursue the NMIMS online MBA in marketing management course and become an industry-ready marketer. Students learn to develop integrated marketing campaigns across diverse platforms and markets upon successful completion of the NMIMS online MBA in marketing course.
NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management Fee
The fee structure for the NMIMS online MBA in marketing is INR 1,96,000 /- if the student opts for the one-time payment plan. However, the fee structure for every NMIMS online MBA specialization remains the same as listed below.
NMIMS Online MBA Specializations
NMIMS Online MBA Fee (per semester)
Marketing Management
INR 55,000 /-
Business Management
INR 55,000 /-
Financial Management
INR 55,000 /-
Human Resource Management
INR 55,000 /-
Operations and Data Sciences Management
INR 55,000 /-

NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management Syllabus
The NMIMS online MBA in marketing syllabus covers several concepts, aspects, and subjects of the marketing industry to equip students with managerial, entrepreneurial, and leadership skills. The course curriculum follows a semester pattern and includes below mentioned subjects.
NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management Syllabus/Subjects
Year I
Semester I
Semester II
Business Communication
Financial Accounting
Micro Economics &amp; Macro Economics
Organisational Behaviour
Marketing Management
Quantitative Methods – I
Cost &amp; Management Accounting
Human Resource Management
Strategic Management
Business Analytics
Legal Aspect of Business
Operations Management
Year II
Semester III
Semester IV
Corporate Finance
Research Methodology
Project Pre-work
Brand Management
Consumer Behaviour
Integrated Marketing Communications
Sales Management
Indian Ethos &amp; Ethics
Corporate Sustainability
International Business
Project
International Marketing
Services Marketing
Digital Marketing
NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management EMI Details
Students can opt for the easy EMI option starting from INR 8,750 /- for a period of 3 to 12 months.
The NMIMS online MBA in marketing EMI facility is offered through several renowned banking institutions, namely, Standard Chartered Bank, HSBC Bank, Kotak Mahindra Bank, HDFC Bank, etc.
NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management Job Opportunities
The marketing industry is expanding globally at a fast pace, creating a plethora of job opportunities for fresh graduates and skilled professionals. Some job profiles best-suited for NMIMS online MBA in marketing management graduates are mentioned below, along with their average salary package.
Job Profiles
Average Salary
Marketing Manager
INR 6 LPA
Digital Marketing Manager
INR 6.5 LPA
Brand Manager
INR 8 LPA
Product Manager
INR 10 LPA
Market Research Analyst
INR 4 LPA

NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management FAQs
What are the eligibility criteria for the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management program?
A valid 3 year bachelor’s degree with 50% aggregate marks is the eligibility criterion for the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management program.
How is the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management different from traditional MBA programs?
The personalized student support services, top-notch ed-tech facilities, placement assistance, and other dedicated services make the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management one step ahead of traditional MBA programs.
What are the key skills I will learn in the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management?
You will learn to craft marketing campaigns, gain expertise in business laws, hands-on experience in marketing analytics, and several other technical skills in the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management.
What is the duration of the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management course?
The duration of the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management course is 2 years with a validity of 4 years.
Does the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management offer any industry collaborations or internships?
Yes, the NMIMS Online MBA in Marketing Management offers industry collaborations or internships under its dedicated department of “Career Services”.